I used to hate facial hair — but then it grew on me.
I’m reading a book on anti‑gravity. It’s impossible to put down.
I don’t trust calendars. Their days are numbered.
I told my computer I needed a break — it froze.
I tried to be a minimalist, but there was just too much stuff.
I used to be indecisive. Now I’m not so sure.
I stayed up all night wondering where the sun went — then it dawned on me.
I don’t trust stairs. They’re always up to something.
I tried to organize a hide‑and‑seek tournament, but good players are hard to find.
I used to play piano by ear — now I use my hands.
My Ex-wife still misses me, but her aim is getting better
I have too many class puns — I need to drop a few.
My GPA and I are on speaking terms.
I aced my procrastination exam — studied later.
I got straight A’s… in the alphabet.
School is cool, but naps are cooler.
I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me.
I’m reading a book about anti‑gravity — it’s impossible to put down.
I don’t trust calendars. Their days are numbered.
I tried to catch fog yesterday. Mist.
I told my computer I needed a break, and it froze.
I don’t trust stairs — they’re always up to something.
I used to be indecisive, but now I’m not so sure.
I stayed up all night wondering where the sun went. Then it dawned on me.
I used to play piano by ear — now I use my hands.
I made a pencil with two erasers. It was pointless.
I have a joke about construction, but I’m still working on it.
I used to be afraid of hurdles, but I got over it.
I tried writing a joke about time travel, but you didn’t like it.
I don’t trust atoms — they make up everything.
I know a joke about electricity, but it’s pretty shocking.
I once got fired from a calendar factory — I took too many days off.
I tried to make a pun about wind, but it blows.
I’m on a seafood diet — I see food and I eat it.
I used to be a baker, but I couldn’t make enough dough.
I tried to learn origami, but I folded.
I told a joke about boxing — it was a real knockout.
I bought some shoes from a drug dealer — I don’t know what they were laced with.
I tried to organize a hide‑and‑seek tournament, but good players are hard to find.
I don’t trust elevators — I take steps to avoid them.
I used to be afraid of shadows, but I got over it.
I opened a bakery that only sells rye bread — it was a crumby idea.
I tried to be a minimalist, but there was too much stuff.
I have a fear of speed bumps, but I’m slowly getting over it.
I used to be addicted to soap, but I’m clean now.
I told a pun about paper, but it was tear‑able.
I tried to start a band named 999MB — we never got a gig.
I was going to tell a chemistry joke, but I got no reaction.
I don’t trust people who do acupuncture — they’re back stabbers.
I tried to make a belt out of watches. It was a waist of time.
I once dated a mathematician — it didn’t add up.
I used to be a scarecrow, but I quit — I was outstanding in my field.
I tried to take a photo of fog, but all I got was mist.
I asked my dog what’s two minus two — he said nothing.
I gave all my batteries away. Free of charge.
I tried to learn how to be invisible, but I couldn’t see myself doing it.
